The basics of all lists should now hopefully be set.
It's also important to understand how you can place elements inside of your list items.
Let's start with an item here but you could do the same for the button and let's say we also have a
icon in there.
So I and I can.
Element.
Now here let's use the star.
I can again.
And if we save it like this let's have a look at our finished element.
It doesn't look too bad.
And if that's the look you need there's no need to change anything.
But sometimes you want to have that star really to be on the left of your list item and to not sit on
the same line like this for that case you can go to the iron element and add item left.
Now this is not only available on Aikins.
This can be added to elements here generally to tell them where to sit in the eye an item.
If we do this on the eye can you see now it's pushed to the left and it's no longer on top of this line
here.
It's also big bigger bigger bigger so that it's easier to see with that we're positioning it on the
left.
And of course we could also position it on the right like this.
And there's not even a need to also change the position here in the flow.
It will result in the same result.
So item left and item right are important features important tools to determine where certain things
should be positioned.
We're talking about content in items going to move the iron in your back on top of the text here.
It's also important to understand that we can have more than just normal text here.
Let's add a paragraph where we say a moral item and let's see if that changes anything.
Yes it does.
Now it's styled well more gray ish.
It has this paragraph style so it is just an alternative.
And if you want to have that fat black text you typically would use heading tech for example age 1 the
heading of the item for example like this.
If you save this now you will see you automatically get a multi line item where you.
I can hear it's nicely aligned vertically to the center of your item.
So these are different tools you have and of course you can also use age 5.
Take for example to make this a bit smaller but still have with black and not Drage like the paragraph.
And with that you should be able to really structure the item the way you want to have it structured.
Now I already pointed towards the documentation and you can learn more how to add an avatar for example
with an avatar as a wrapper for a normal image here which allows you to get this nice look you see here
on the right.
Again noticed it here.
Item left is used to position as an avatar item on the left.
So these are different ways of structuring the content in your list and your list items and make sure
to consult this documentation to learn more about features like avatars for example